---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---
### About Software Licenses

__How GNU Public Licenses differ from each other:__

GPLs vs. Apache vs. Mozilla:

__Copyleft:__
Copyleft is a form of licensing that allows the user to have freedom to make changes to software without converting the program into proprietary software. If someone one coverts a free software to a proprietary software, then the software loses the integrity of a free software. If Copyleft rights is enforced on a software then anyone can use, update, and release the software to the general users and keeping the software free throughout the process. 

__Permissive:__
Permissive software licenses allows programmers to disitribute software with minimal requirements. Some examples of Permissive software licenses are: the MIT License, BSD Licenses, and the Apache license. (Source:[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Permissive_software_licence](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Permissive_software_licence)  


__Creative Commmon Licenses:__
Creative Commom licenses allow a programmer to share their code to user and let's the the user to use, update, and modify the code. Creative Common licenses are not ideal for software because the license does not clearly specify the terms of distribution of the source code, which doesn't allow the user to have complete freedom. The Creative Common licenses also are not compatible with other major and well known licenses.
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

### Group work report

This week we finished reviewing each others code. Each of us made constructive criticism about our code, and made the last changes. AFter making the changes I pushed my branch to my forked repository. And from the forked repository I made [pull request](https://github.com/OpenGenus/cosmos/pull/3915). Inside the pull request I described the changes and mentioned the issue number. I checked the original issue and there was reference to my pull request inside the issue. Now I am waiting for them to make a comment or accept my pull request.
