---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---


__OpenData Contribution:__

This week's assignment was to contribute to [OpenStreetMap](https://www.OpenStreetMap.org). I was excited to make my first contribution in the Open Data community. In order to make my first contribution I first learned how to navigate through the map and make changes to the map using the *iD* editor. The tutorial for the editor was straightforward, and hands-on. Overall the *iD* editor is not complex, and can be learned quickly.

In order to make my first commit to OpenStreetMap, I decided to look up my neighborhood. I noticed that some of the houses addresses did not mention their respective city and state. Therefore, I included them. Then, I decided to navigate further and saw that the map was missing a slaughterhouse. I included the name, address, and telephone number for the slaughterhouse. After navigating further, I saw that the map is missing a mini-supermarket. I decided to add a new point and added the name, type, and telephone number, and edited the address. 

My first experience with OpenStreetMap contribution was a great one. I had a good time learning a new tool and an even better time using the *iD* editor to make contributions. Since I  have been living in my neighborhood for 10 years, I know the area very well. Therefore, it was a fun experience for me to find the things that were missing and add them to the map. I also felt good when I visited
[OpenStreetMap.org](https://www.OpenStreetMap.org) the day after and saw that my changes were added to the map. Overall, I enjoyed helping OpenStreetMap.org and the Open Data community.

The changes I made can be viewed [here](https://www.openstreetmap.org/user/anupamdas104/history).

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

__Reading on History and Context:__

In order to contribute to Open Source projects, it is important to learn about the history and the context of the Open Source Software development. This week's assignment was to read articles that focused on the history of Open Source, the distinction between free software and open source software, and concepts about developing open source software.

Richard Stallman, known as the father of Open Source development, had done some significant things to ensure the growth of Open Source development. His involvement with the Open Source revolution was detailed in Karl Fogel's ["Producing Open Source Software: How to Run a Successful Free Software Project."](https://producingoss.com/) The following are three of the most significant contibutions Richard Stallman has made to advance the rise of open source development are: 
* He started the GNU project and Free Software Foundation (FSF).
* He came up with the GNU General Public License (GPL), which allowed his code to be free, meaning the user would be able to run the code, update the code, and use it privately.
* Started releasing free supplements for many critical components of operating systems.

In _[The Cathedral and the Bazaar](http://www.catb.org/~esr/writings/cathedral-bazaar/cathedral-bazaar/index.html)_, Eric Raymond discusses some important aspects of developing open source projects and how Linux used a different strategy to build a successful open source project. Two of the most significant principles mentioned by Eric Raymond are:
* Breaking the projects in small portions and having certain individuals or groups work on certain features. This is significant because breaking down responsibilities to certain person or group can ensure that the feature will have the developers' full attention. In this way, the developers will be able produce the best version of the feature they are responsible for.
* Testing the code often before releasing the final version. This strategy is significant because testing the final product can allow the users to have a polished final version of the product. This strategy also ensures that the code has less bugs.

