---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---
___Project Evaluation___

This week's assignment was to select 3 Open Source projects out of 5 given projects. We had to go through the project information on various sites to answer questions. Quantum GIS (QGIS) was mandatory, and the two other projects I choose are LibreOffice and .The report of the project evaluation is provided below.
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
###QGIS

__Project License:__ GNU GPLv2

__Activity__

* __Last commit:__ 
  > 11/1/2018 (38 minutes prior to writing this answer)
* __Number of Contributors:__ 
  > 291
* __Frequency of commits:__ 
  > Approximately 30 commits per day 
* __Number of open issues:__ 
  > 3796
* __Issue response time:__ 
  > Quick
* __Issue discussion:__ 
  > fairly active
* __Are the issues recent?__ 
  > Yes
* __Are issues getting closed?__ 
  > Yes
* __Number of pull requests:__ 
  > 34
* __Do maintainers respond quickly to pull requests when they are opened?__ 
  > Yes
* __Is there active discussion on the pull requests?__ 
  > Yes
* __Are the pull requests recent?__ 
  > Yes
* __How recently were any pull requests merged?__ 
  > an hour ago

__Assessing the Welcomeness__
* Do the maintainers respond helpfully to questions in issues? Are responses generally constructive?
* Are people friendly in the issues, discussion forum, and chat?
* Do pull requests get reviewed? yes
* Do maintainers thank people for their contributions?

___________________________________________________________________________________________________________
###LibreOffice

__General Questions__
* How many lines of code does LibreOffice have?
* What percentage of the code is comments?
* How many commits were made in the last 30 days, based on OpenHub statistics?
* Click on "User & Contributor Locations" (lower right side of screen). List some of the locations of
the developers.





